XCM Doc Restructure: Adding pages (#4559)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-xcm-usecases.md

---
id: learn-xcm-usecases
title: XCM Usecases & Examples

> sidebar_label: XCM Usecases & Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: XCM Usecases
```

description: Learn how XCM can be used in cross consensus interactions.
keywords: [cross-consensus, XCM, XCMP, interoperability, communication]
slug: ../learn-xcm-usecases
---

> XCM has a multitude of various use cases. While the wiki covers some of the more commonplace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCM has a multitude of use cases. While the wiki covers some of the key commonplace
```
